We were prepared, in some sense, months before this show. In another, we didn.t do anything.
Three days beforehand, term.000 was set back up, with mimaki.cg-45 connected. Production of 
new designs began in earnest, mostly large posters. New tools tried, new methods devised. 
Some useable work was drawn, mostly RDC promotional signage.
<p>
There were still many prints leftover from exhibition.000, those were to constitute the bulk 
of what was to be sold. So: no new work was mounted, and no new sub (8 1/2. x 11.) works were 
going to be displayed. A representative smattering of books were culled from surrounding shelves, 
these were to be scattered about as decoration, as a declaration of our devotion to our 
inspirations: Sci-fi & 50s-80.s technical manuals. A cabinet, our tool-boxes, and some thick 
pads of paper and cardstock rounded out our packing list.
<p> 
The morning of the 24th arrives! It's 9am, the car is quickly packed and ready to go. Nettie 
comes along to be the runner for today: coffee, food, and spare parts! Check-in goes quickly, 
our $10 bought us a booth and table cloth. We.re set up right in the middle of the space, 
there is an outreach project to our left, a tie-dye company on our right, and across from a 
book-binder & a tea maker.
<p> 
Elsewhere, others set up more robot-kind: frisbee shooter, lasers cutters, 3D printers. 
Otherwise, most tools were directly human operated: vacuum formers, soap makers, key cutters, 
and more. Nearby, there was a group of humans playing a game that involved beating on each 
other with foam covered swords. 
<p>
	Everything's arranged and plugged in, and it's time to start the machines. Beep!... Beep!
	...Bee-- ok, no good, power down, power up: Beep!...beep!...b--power down, power up... 
        POST error, won't start, won't display anything, won't stop beeping at 3 second intervals.
	Shit. Open the case: the capacitors on the motherboard are failing and encrusted with something. 
        Double shit. It worked 20 mins ago, before we left. Unplug everything, replug everything, poke it'
	s guts. Nope. 
<p>
At this point, we're all either sad or unable to express emotion. This was the only computer set up with 
the software we needed that came with us today. So, last ditch efforts:
Hit it. Hit it again. Everyone express a prayer to an elder god. Cross manipulators. Power on...success!
Except, in the madness of the troubleshooting, it had become directly plugged into the wall outlet, 
the cord stretched from table to wall, hanging a foot off the ground. We weren.t going to risk cycling 
the power to switch it back to the strip, so it was decided to leave the cord as is, and carefully step
over it all day.
<p> 
With the workstation online, and the rest of the equipment set up, we were finally ready for exhibition; 
and we were just in time, for Makevention had begun! For the first two hours, we didn't have a moment go 
by where there wasn.t someone to talk to. Sold a half-dozen prints by noon, and those with vocal cords 
were starting to grow hoarse. Been, Sia, and Mattie came by to hang out, and tons of people from around 
town stopped by to chat. Some highlights: Reps from both Wonderlab and IU teen summer camp want to do 
programs. Some grad student promised us an old, old pen plotter! People telling us, "You can say 'Python', 
I know what that is."
<br>The crowds dropped off around 3; by 5 it was only stragglers and exhibitors left.     
